When I've discovered it
I spent four months
consuming as much as I could
except food.
I lost 26 pounds
on the highly inadvisable diet
of obsession.
These open, borderless, decentralized, censorship-resistant ...
And the reason it's so fascinating
is because it isn't what it appears to be at first glance ...
Greece, Cyprus, Spain, Venezuela, Argentina,
Brazil, India, Turkey, Pakistan, the Ukraine -
what do these countries have in common?
AUDIENCE MEMBER: Nice people.
One day you wake up
and you discover that the banks are closed ...
Who benefits
in the end?
The banks.
They get bailed in ...
You'll be pleased to know
that that CEO, as we speak, is facing jail time.
No.  Of course he isn't.
Come on.
Where have you been?
And before long, they will rewrite history.
They will rewrite history to say that
the reason the banks are failing
and the reason the economy is on fire
is because you provided an exit,
is because bitcoin exists.
They will say that bitcoin started the fire.
We didn't start the fire ...
If money is speech,
if money is a language,
and you disconnect it from all other media
and you make it pure speech,
pure content
- an internet content type, a protocol designation,
money over IP,
it completely separates it
from all of these previous notions
of nations,
sovereign issuers,
institutions that control ...
Because bitcoin is not going after
replacing national currencies.
Oh no.
It's doing something
far more dangerous.
It's encouraging people
to put their savings
outside the system ...
Bitcoin
introduces a platform
on which you can run currency as an application
on a network without any central points of control,
a system completely decentralized like the internet itself.
It is not money for the internet
but the internet of money ...
The internet of money was launched
on January 3rd 2009.
Do not underestimate this ...